Hello dear friends today with us
call ki most plus sasori we go
What superudar take a loan formation
let's see charged hit yes we live
charged blow to get rid of
stormtroopers
since their three pussies we wears
massive blow sasori stuns our
helper and does damage on our
medicine and the whole picture is pretty
difficult and need to pump here
Accuracy I already tried to pass but u
I was not enough accuracy I
pumped up like gems right now
let's see what happens
I hope that everything will work out and we will
as few dodge as possible
the enemy hinta us nothing is holding her
on her feet she barely stands initiative on
enemy side
but I think no less super hitting that
Marik
will be ours from Russo and mountains and so the first
hit
such a word
bit very slowly and you can see
every detail
these superudarov minus two attack aircraft of
good that's cool all these see
Vitim accuracy at least 1st genus I was
did not notice something
my
it was not ok
so far I like everything very much but
more at most
it is usually in the minority for the first time had
us physician stunned can nothing
do nothing to support
and the next massive blows will already be
finite they even when the suck will strike and
on she already die we even have a shield
we hinata even worth starting i this
yes wow accuracy roles
pump accuracy with gems and
you are your rivals kisama and can not
resist
although he is quite strong his superudar
shark just newspaper just everyone
here we are already in the fourth
a counter attack the mountain itself beats and by the way
why kisama is worth it
very very minuscule health that
even i don't see you honestly you
i see no
but would still have the road so
last hit super hit on kisam
rus eliminates the presence of stay
only sasori and three against him he
Now beat and acupuncture
Well, the Chinese massage did not go on
benefit to our medic and the mountain is trying
to complete
complete the tent between the sandy ninjas
nothing came of it and finished
this fight is our master taijutsu
who puts the last decisive super
punch and never can from exactly
hits the target very well we won
in the eighth round 36 thousand experience 16 thousand
silver and artifact mirror flavors
chakra plus 450
everything is fine not new
call
Hidan and Hidan channel assistants wait
next call I will have it
take off
and so thank you for your attention
subscribe to the channel and everyone together
Good luck everyone